Welcome to Calculator!

stringParse(input): this function takes two numbers and any of the following functions mentioned below
: add, subtract, multiply, divide, mod, log, exp, and randomnumsrange. The format for stringParse(input)
must be stringParse("number1 operation number2"). Example: stringParse("1 + 5")
        Our project has the following functions:
        add(x,y): this functions takes two numbers, adds them together, then returns their sum. The operation
        symbol for this function is "+". 
        substract(x,y): this functions takes two numbers, subtracts them from eachother, then 
        returns their difference. The operation symbol for this function is "-". 
        multiply(x,y): this functions takes two numbers, multiplies them together, then returns their product. 
        The operation symbol for this function is "*". 
        divide(x,y): this functions takes two numbers, divides them by eachother, then returns their quotient. 
        The operation symbol for this function is "/". 
        mod(x,y): this functions takes two numbers, calls the modulus operator, then returns the remainder. 
        The operation symbol for this function is "mod". 
        log(x,y): this functions takes two numbers, adds them together, then returns the natural logarithm. 
        The operation symbol for this function is "log".
        exp(x,y): this functions takes two numbers. x is multiplied by itself y times. The code then returns the product. 
        The operation symbol for this function is "exp".
        randomnumsrange(x,y): this functions takes two numbers. random numbers are generated in between 0 and x, y times. 
        The operation symbol for this function is "randomnumsrange".
        The code then returns the list of random number generated.  
abs(x): this function takes a single number and converts it into its absolute value. 
factorial(x, val = {}): this function takes in a number and returns its factorial value.  
mean(list): this function takes in a list of numbers, sums them up, then divides them by the number
of numbers in the array, returning the average.  
median(list): this function takes in a list of numbers, ordering the data points, and then finding the midddle 
number or taking the mean of the middle two numbers.  
mode(numbers): this function takes in a list of numbers and returns the number that appears most 
often.  
cubesurfacearea(x): this function takes in a number, calls our exp function with x, then multiplies the value 
returned by our exp function by 6 to get the surface area of a cube. 

